README.md, before:

- Initialized npm
- Added "serve"
- Performance: 86

### Diagnostics
- Serve images in next-gen formats Potential savings of 933 KiB
- Eliminate render-blocking resources Potential savings of 370 ms
- Largest Contentful Paint element 1,480 ms
- Properly size images Potential savings of 159 KiB
- Reduce unused CSS Potential savings of 22 KiB
- Minify JavaScript Potential savings of 102 KiB
- Serve static assets with an efficient cache policy 24 resources found
- Ensure text remains visible during webfont load
- Image elements do not have explicit width and height
- Reduce unused JavaScript Potential savings of 53 KiB
- Efficiently encode images Potential savings of 84 KiB
- Avoid enormous network payloads Total size was 3,935 KiB
---
- Compressed mp4 video by 51%
- Added "preload" to Google Fonts
- Installed Vite
- Added lazy loading to non-slide images
- Added decoding async to all images
- Reduced the size of the first slide's image
- installed mkcert and configured with vite
- registered service worker, the app is installable
- Geolocation request from the app added.

Commit message:

delivery message is displayed with the goelocation

README.md, after:

- Initialized npm
- Added "serve"
- Performance: 86

### Diagnostics
- Serve images in next-gen formats Potential savings of 933 KiB
- Eliminate render-blocking resources Potential savings of 370 ms
- Largest Contentful Paint element 1,480 ms
- Properly size images Potential savings of 159 KiB
- Reduce unused CSS Potential savings of 22 KiB
- Minify JavaScript Potential savings of 102 KiB
- Serve static assets with an efficient cache policy 24 resources found
- Ensure text remains visible during webfont load
- Image elements do not have explicit width and height
- Reduce unused JavaScript Potential savings of 53 KiB
- Efficiently encode images Potential savings of 84 KiB
- Avoid enormous network payloads Total size was 3,935 KiB
---
- Compressed mp4 video by 51%
- Added "preload" to Google Fonts
- Installed Vite
- Added lazy loading to non-slide images
- Added decoding async to all images
- Reduced the size of the first slide's image
- installed mkcert and configured with vite
- registered service worker, the app is installable
- Geolocation request from the app added, delivery message is displayed with the goelocation
